cfp.md, before:

---
layout: default
---


## 23rd Nordic Conference on Computational Linguistics (NoDaLiDa)

May 31 - June 2, 2021
<!--Reykjavik, Iceland-->

[http://nodalida2021.org](http://nodalida2021.org)

## CALL FOR PAPERS

The Northern European Association for Language Technology (NEALT) invites submissions to its bi-annual conference on human language and
speech technologies. NoDaLiDa 2021 will be held between Monday, May 31 and Wednesday, June 2, 2021. While we were planning to hold the conference in Reykjavik (Iceland), due to the current COVID situation the conference will be held entirely online.
<!--on the campus of Reykjavik University, Iceland. We are monitoring the ongoing global pandemic and will update the conference plans (e.g. moving to a virtual or hybrid format) as needed closer to the conference dates.-->

### INVITED SPEAKERS

* Lucia Specia, Imperial College London
* Adina Williams, Facebook AI Research NYC

### SUBMISSIONS  

NoDaLiDa addresses all aspects of natural language processing, speech
recognition and synthesis and computational linguistics, including work
in closely-related neighboring disciplines (such as, for example, machine
learning, linguistics or psychology) that is sufficiently formalized or 
applied to bear relevance to speech and language technologies.

We invite paper submissions of three types:

* regular papers on substantial, original, and unpublished research,
  including empirical evaluation results, where appropriate;
* short papers on smaller, focused contributions, work in progress,
  negative results, surveys, or opinion pieces; and
* demonstration papers on software or resource demonstrations, e.g. of
  systems, interfaces, infrastructures, data collections, or annotations.

We particularly encourage the submission of papers on completed or 
on-going work, where the first author is a Master or PhD student. This should
be indicated at submission time by adding the keyword STUDENTS.

Papers accepted for presentation at the conference will be included in
the NoDaLiDa 2021 proceedings, which are published as part of the NEALT
Proceedings Series by Linköping University Electronic Press and in the
ACL Anthology.

### SCHEDULE

* Monday, February 8, 2021: Submission of Papers 
* Monday, March 22, 2021: Notification of Acceptance
* Monday, April 12, 2021: Camera-Ready Manuscripts
* Monday, May 31, 2021: Pre-Conference Workshops
* Tuesday and Wednesday, June 1-2, 2021: Main Conference


### SUBMISSION FORMATS

All submissions must follow the NoDaLiDa 2021 style files, which are
available for LaTeX (preferred) and MS Word and can be retrieved from the following address:

[http://nodalida2021.org/authorkit.zip](http://nodalida2021.org/authorkit.zip)

Submissions must be anonymous, i.e. not reveal author(s) on the title
page or through self-references. Papers must be submitted digitally,
in PDF, and uploaded through the on-line conference system. Paper
submissions that violate either of these requirements will be returned
without review.

The page limits for submissions are: up to eight pages for regular papers, 
and up to four  pages for short papers and demo papers. 
For all three submission types, these page limits do *not* include 
additional pages with bibliographic references.

### DOUBLE SUBMISSION and PRE-PUBLICATION

Papers that have been or will be submitted to other venues must indicate this at submission time in the Easychair submission system,
and must be withdrawn from the other venues if accepted to NoDALiDa 2021. Authors of papers accepted for presentation at NoDALiDa must notify the program chairs by the camera-ready deadline as to whether the paper will be presented. We will not accept for publication or presentation the papers that overlap significantly in content or results with papers that will be (or have been) published elsewhere.

NoDaLiDA follows the [ACL policy an anonymization and anonymity period](https://www.aclweb.org/adminwiki/index.php?title=ACL_Policies_for_Submission,_Review_and_Citation).

The anonymity period for NoDaLiDa 2021 is from January 8, 2021.

### SUBMISSION MANAGEMENT

Submissions to the conference must be uploaded electronically, obeying 
the above requirements and no later than (end of day, [anywhere](https://www.timeanddate.com/time/zones/aoe) in the world):

**Monday, February 8, 2021**

NoDaLiDa 2021 utilizes the EasyChair conference management system for 
submission, reviewing, and preparation of proceedings. 

[https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nodalida2021](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nodalida2021)


To inquire about the submission and reviewing process or the
scientific programme of the conference, please email nodalida2021-pc@googlegroups.com

For all practical inquiries, please email nodalida2021-loc@googlegroups.com.

Follow us on Twitter: [https://twitter.com/NoDaLiDa](https://twitter.com/NoDaLiDa)

Commit message:

Added anonymization info for demo papers.

cfp.md, after:

---
layout: default
---


## 23rd Nordic Conference on Computational Linguistics (NoDaLiDa)

May 31 - June 2, 2021
<!--Reykjavik, Iceland-->

[http://nodalida2021.org](http://nodalida2021.org)

## CALL FOR PAPERS

The Northern European Association for Language Technology (NEALT) invites submissions to its bi-annual conference on human language and
speech technologies. NoDaLiDa 2021 will be held between Monday, May 31 and Wednesday, June 2, 2021. While we were planning to hold the conference in Reykjavik (Iceland), due to the current COVID situation the conference will be held entirely online.
<!--on the campus of Reykjavik University, Iceland. We are monitoring the ongoing global pandemic and will update the conference plans (e.g. moving to a virtual or hybrid format) as needed closer to the conference dates.-->

### INVITED SPEAKERS

* Lucia Specia, Imperial College London
* Adina Williams, Facebook AI Research NYC

### SUBMISSIONS  

NoDaLiDa addresses all aspects of natural language processing, speech
recognition and synthesis and computational linguistics, including work
in closely-related neighboring disciplines (such as, for example, machine
learning, linguistics or psychology) that is sufficiently formalized or 
applied to bear relevance to speech and language technologies.

We invite paper submissions of three types:

* regular papers on substantial, original, and unpublished research,
  including empirical evaluation results, where appropriate;
* short papers on smaller, focused contributions, work in progress,
  negative results, surveys, or opinion pieces; and
* demonstration papers on software or resource demonstrations, e.g. of
  systems, interfaces, infrastructures, data collections, or annotations.

We particularly encourage the submission of papers on completed or 
on-going work, where the first author is a Master or PhD student. This should
be indicated at submission time by adding the keyword STUDENTS.

Papers accepted for presentation at the conference will be included in
the NoDaLiDa 2021 proceedings, which are published as part of the NEALT
Proceedings Series by Linköping University Electronic Press and in the
ACL Anthology.

### SCHEDULE

* Monday, February 8, 2021: Submission of Papers 
* Monday, March 22, 2021: Notification of Acceptance
* Monday, April 12, 2021: Camera-Ready Manuscripts
* Monday, May 31, 2021: Pre-Conference Workshops
* Tuesday and Wednesday, June 1-2, 2021: Main Conference


### SUBMISSION FORMATS

All submissions must follow the NoDaLiDa 2021 style files, which are
available for LaTeX (preferred) and MS Word and can be retrieved from the following address:

[http://nodalida2021.org/authorkit.zip](http://nodalida2021.org/authorkit.zip)

Submissions of regular (and short) papers must be anonymous, i.e. not reveal author(s) on the title
page or through self-references. The anonymization of submissions for demo papers is optional. If authors choose to remain anonymous, it is their responsibility to take every measure to conceal potentially identifying information.

Papers must be submitted digitally, in PDF, and uploaded through the on-line conference system. Paper
submissions that violate either of these requirements will be returned without review.

The page limits for submissions are: up to eight pages for regular papers, 
and up to four  pages for short papers and demo papers. 
For all three submission types, these page limits do *not* include 
additional pages with bibliographic references.

### DOUBLE SUBMISSION and PRE-PUBLICATION

Papers that have been or will be submitted to other venues must indicate this at submission time in the Easychair submission system,
and must be withdrawn from the other venues if accepted to NoDALiDa 2021. Authors of papers accepted for presentation at NoDALiDa must notify the program chairs by the camera-ready deadline as to whether the paper will be presented. We will not accept for publication or presentation the papers that overlap significantly in content or results with papers that will be (or have been) published elsewhere.

NoDaLiDA follows the [ACL policy an anonymization and anonymity period](https://www.aclweb.org/adminwiki/index.php?title=ACL_Policies_for_Submission,_Review_and_Citation).

The anonymity period for NoDaLiDa 2021 is from January 8, 2021.

### SUBMISSION MANAGEMENT

Submissions to the conference must be uploaded electronically, obeying 
the above requirements and no later than (end of day, [anywhere](https://www.timeanddate.com/time/zones/aoe) in the world):

**Monday, February 8, 2021**

NoDaLiDa 2021 utilizes the EasyChair conference management system for 
submission, reviewing, and preparation of proceedings. 

[https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nodalida2021](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nodalida2021)


To inquire about the submission and reviewing process or the
scientific programme of the conference, please email nodalida2021-pc@googlegroups.com

For all practical inquiries, please email nodalida2021-loc@googlegroups.com.

Follow us on Twitter: [https://twitter.com/NoDaLiDa](https://twitter.com/NoDaLiDa)
