index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

The 23<sup>rd</sup> Nordic Conference on Computational Linguistics (NoDaLiDa 2021) will be held in Reykjavik, Iceland. The conference is a two-day event with one additional day of workshops. The conference takes place at <a href="http://www.ru.is">Reykjavik University</a> and is hosted by <a href="http://www.ru.is">Almannarómur</a>. 

<!-- Box 
<div class="box" markdown="1">
  <p><b>LATEST NEWS</b></p>
  <p><b>October 2</b> Next NoDaLiDa will be in 2021 in Reykjavík, Iceland</p>
  <p><b>October 1</b> Proceedings now in the <a href="https://aclweb.org/anthology/volumes/W19-61/">ACL anthology</a> </p>
</div>
-->

## Important dates <a id="dates"></a>

<div class="table-wrapper">
  <table>
    <tbody>
      <tr><td>Submission - main conference</td> <td>February 8, 2021</td></tr>
      <tr><td>Notification - main conference</td> <td>March 22, 2021</td></tr>
      <tr><td>Camera-Ready Manuscripts</td> <td>April 12, 2021</td></tr>
      <tr><td>Pre-Conference Workshops</td> <td>May 31, 2021</td></tr>
      <tr><td>Main conference</td> <td>June 1-2, 2021</td></tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>

Commit message:

Added a sentence about possible virtual format.

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

The 23<sup>rd</sup> Nordic Conference on Computational Linguistics (NoDaLiDa 2021) will be held in Reykjavik, Iceland. The conference is a two-day event with one additional day of workshops. The conference takes place at <a href="http://www.ru.is">Reykjavik University</a> and is hosted by <a href="http://www.ru.is">Almannarómur</a>. We are closely monitoring the ongoing pandemic and will update the conference plans (e.g. moving to a virtual or hybrid format) as needed closer to the conference dates.

<!-- Box 
<div class="box" markdown="1">
  <p><b>LATEST NEWS</b></p>
  <p><b>October 2</b> Next NoDaLiDa will be in 2021 in Reykjavík, Iceland</p>
  <p><b>October 1</b> Proceedings now in the <a href="https://aclweb.org/anthology/volumes/W19-61/">ACL anthology</a> </p>
</div>
-->

## Important dates <a id="dates"></a>

<div class="table-wrapper">
  <table>
    <tbody>
      <tr><td>Submission - main conference</td> <td>February 8, 2021</td></tr>
      <tr><td>Notification - main conference</td> <td>March 22, 2021</td></tr>
      <tr><td>Camera-Ready Manuscripts</td> <td>April 12, 2021</td></tr>
      <tr><td>Pre-Conference Workshops</td> <td>May 31, 2021</td></tr>
      <tr><td>Main conference</td> <td>June 1-2, 2021</td></tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>
