program_detailed.md, before:

# Program

* [Program Outline](https://nodalida2019.org/program.html)
* [Detailed Program](#details)

# <a name="details"></a>Detailed Program

Changes:
- Semantics session: order of the first two talks has switched (23/09)

## Monday September 30, 2019 Workshops

| Time  | Session | Room |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 08:00-09:00  | Registration | |
| | **Workshops** | |
| 09:00-17:00  | [NLPL Workshop on Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing](http://wiki.nlpl.eu/index.php/Community/workshop) | PUB2 |
| 09:00-17:30  | [NLP for Computer-Assisted Language Learning (NLP4CALL)](https://spraakbanken.gu.se/eng/research-icall/8th-nlp4call) | PUB5 |
| 09:00-15:30  | [Constraint Grammar - Methods, Tools and Applications](https://visl.sdu.dk/nodalida2019.html) | PUB 209 |
| 14:00-17:00  | [Workshop on NLP and Pseudonymisation](https://sweclarin.se/swe/evenemang/nlp4pseudo) | PUB4 |
| 09:00-15:30  | [Financial Narrative Processing Workshop (FNP 2019)](http://wp.lancs.ac.uk/cfie/fnp2019/) | PUB 126 |
| 10:00-10:30  | Coffee break | |
| 12:00-14:00  | Lunch break | Holiday Club Caribia |
| 15:00-15:30  | Coffee break | |
| 19:00 | [Welcome Reception](https://nodalida2019.org/social.html) in the Turku City Hall | |


## Tuesday October 1, 2019

| Time  | Session | Room |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 09:00-09:15  | Opening | PUB1 |
| **09:15-10:05**  | **[Keynote](https://nodalida2019.org/invited_speakers.html#marie) by Marie-Catherine de Marneffe: Do you know that there’s still a chance? Identifying speaker commitment for natural language understanding**<br>Chair: Joakim Nivre | PUB1 |
| 10:05-10:35  | Coffee break | |
| **10:35-12:15**  | **Parallel session A: Multilinguality and Machine Translation**<br>Chair: Jörg Tiedemann | PUB1 |
| 10:35-11:00  | Comparison between NMT and PBSMT Performance for Translating Noisy User-Generated Content.<br>José Carlos Rosales Nuñez, Djamé Seddah and Guillaume Wisniewski. | |
| 11:00-11:25  | Bootstrapping UD treebanks for Delexicalized Parsing.<br>Prasanth Kolachina and Aarne Ranta. | |
| 11:25-11:50  | Lexical Resources for Low-Resource PoS Tagging in Neural Times.<br>Barbara Plank and Sigrid Klerke. | |
| 11:50-12:15  | Toward Multilingual Identification of Online Registers.<br>Veronika Laippala, Roosa Kyllönen, Jesse Egbert, Douglas Biber and Sampo Pyysalo. | |
| **10:35-12:15**  | **Parallel session B: Embeddings, Biases and Language Change**<br>Chair: Richard Johansson | PUB3 |
| 10:35-11:00  | Gender Bias in Pretrained Swedish Embeddings.<br>Magnus Sahlgren and Fredrik Olsson. | |
| 11:00-11:25  | A larger-scale evaluation resource of terms and their shift direction for diachronic lexical semantics.<br>Astrid van Aggelen, Antske Fokkens, Laura Hollink and Jacco van Ossenbruggen. | |
| 11:25-11:50  | Some steps towards the generation of diachronic WordNets.<br>Yuri Bizzoni, Marius Mosbach, Deitrich Klakow and Stefania Degaetano-Ortlieb. | |
| 11:50-12:15  | An evaluation of Czech word embeddings.<br>Karolína Hořeňovská. | |
| 12:15-13:45  | Lunch break | Holiday Club Caribia |
| **13:45-15:00**  | **Parallel session A: Semantics**<br>Chair: Marianna Apidianaki | PUB1 |
| 13:45-14:10 | Comparing linear and neural models for competitive MWE identification.<br>Hazem Al Saied, Marie Candito and Mathieu Constant. | |
| 14:10-14:35 | Language Modeling with Syntactic and Semantic Representation for Sentence Acceptability Predictions.<br>Adam Ek, Jean-Philippe Bernardy and Shalom Lappin. | |
| 14:35-15:00  | A Wide-Coverage Symbolic Natural Language Inference System.<br>Stergios Chatzikyriakidis and Jean-Philippe Bernardy. | |
| **13:45-15:00**  | **Parallel session B: Morphology and Syntax**<br>Chair: Kairit Sirts | PUB3 |
| 13:45-14:10  | Ensembles of Neural Morphological Inflection Models.<br>Ilmari Kylliäinen and Miikka Silfverberg. | |
| 14:10-14:35  | Nefnir: A high accuracy lemmatizer for Icelandic.<br>Svanhvít Lilja Ingólfsdóttir, Hrafn Loftsson, Jón Friðrik Daðason and Kristín Bjarnadóttir. | |
| 14:35-15:00  | Syntax-based identification of light-verb constructions.<br>Silvio Ricardo Cordeiro and Marie Candito. | |
| 15:00-15:30  | Coffee Break | |
| **15:30-16:45**  | **Parallel session A: Machine Learning Applications, Text Classification**<br>Chair: Jenna Kanerva | PUB1 |
| 15:30-15:55  | Natural Language Processing in Policy Evaluation: Extracting Policy Conditions from IMF Loan Agreements.<br>Joakim Åkerström, Adel Daoud and Richard Johansson. | |
| 15:55-16:20  | Comparing the Performance of Feature Representations for the Categorization of the Easy-to-Read Variety vs Standard Language.<br>Marina Santini, Benjamin Danielsson and Arne Jönsson. | |
| 16:20-16:45  | Unsupervised Inference of Object Affordance from Text Corpora.<br>Michele Persiani and Thomas Hellström. | |
| **15:30-16:45** | **Parallel session B: Language Resources and Applications**<br>Chair: Elena Volodina | PUB3 |
| 15:30-15:55  | Annotating evaluative sentences for sentiment analysis: a dataset for Norwegian.<br>Petter Mæhlum, Jeremy Claude Barnes, Lilja Øvrelid and Erik Velldal. | |
| 15:55-16:20  | Interconnecting lexical resources and word alignment: How do learners get on with particle verbs?<br>David Alfter and Johannes Graën. | |
| 16:20-16:45  | An Unsupervised Query Rewriting Approach Using N-gram Co-occurrence Statistics to Find Similar Phrases in Large Text Corpora.<br>Hans Moen, Laura-Maria Peltonen, Henry Suhonen, Hanna-Maria Matinolli, Riitta Mieronkoski, Kirsi Telen, Kirsi Terho, Tapio Salakoski and Sanna Salanterä. | |
| **16:45-17:45** | **Poster and demo session** | Entrance hall |
| 16:45-17:45 | Posters: | |
|   | Compiling and Filtering ParIce: An English-Icelandic Parallel Corpus.<br>Starkaður Barkarson and Steinþór Steingrímsson. | |
|   | May I Check Again? — A simple but efficient way to generate and use contextual dictionaries for Named Entity Recognition. Application to French Legal Texts.<br>Valentin Barriere and Amaury Fouret. | |
|   | Predicates as Boxes in Bayesian Semantics for Natural Language.<br>Jean-Philippe Bernardy, Rasmus Blanck, Stergios Chatzikyriakidis, Shalom Lappin and Aleksandre Maskharashvili. | |
|   | DIM: The Database of Icelandic Morphology.<br>Kristín Bjarnadóttir, Kristín Ingibjörg Hlynsdóttir and Steinþór Steingrímsson. | |
|   | Bornholmsk Natural Language Processing: Resources and Tools.<br>Leon Derczynski and Alex Speed Kjeldsen. | |
|   | Morphosyntactic Disambiguation in an Endangered Language Setting.<br>Jeff Ens, Mika Hämäläinen, Jack Rueter and Philippe Pasquier. | |
|   | Tagging a Norwegian Dialect Corpus.<br>Andre Kåsen, Anders Nøklestad, Kristin Hagen and Joel Priestley. | |
|   | The Lacunae of Danish Natural Language Processing.<br>Andreas Kirkedal, Barbara Plank, Leon Derczynski and Natalie Schluter. | |
|   | Tools for supporting language learning for Sakha.<br>Sardana Ivanova, Anisia Katinskaia and Roman Yangarber. | |
|   | Inferring morphological rules from small examples using 0/1 linear programming.<br>Ann Lillieström, Koen Claessen and Nicholas Smallbone. | |
| 16:45-17:45 | Demos: | |
|   | LEGATO: A flexible lexicographic annotation tool.<br>David Alfter, Therese Lindström Tiedemann and Elena Volodina. | |
|   | The OPUS Resource Repository: An Open Package for Creating Parallel Corpora and Machine Translation Services.<br>Mikko Aulamo and Jörg Tiedemann. | |
|   | Garnishing a phonetic dictionary for ASR intake.<br>Iben Nyholm Debess, Sandra Saxov Lamhauge and Peter Juel Henrichsen. | |
|   | Docria: Processing and Storing Linguistic Data with Wikipedia.<br>Marcus Klang and Pierre Nugues. | |
|   | UniParse: A universal graph-based parsing toolkit.<br>Daniel Varab and Natalie Schluter. | |
| 19:30-23:00 | [Conference Dinner](https://nodalida2019.org/social.html) in the Turku Castle | |

## Wednesday October 2, 2019

| Time  | Session | Room |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| **09:00-09:50**  | **[Keynote](https://nodalida2019.org/invited_speakers.html#grzegorz) by Grzegorz Chrupała: Investigating Neural Representations of Speech and Language**<br>Chair: Lilja Øvrelid | PUB1 |
| 09:50-10:20  | Coffee break | |
| **10:20-12:00**  | **Parallel session A: Sentiment Analysis and Stance**<br>Chair: Mathias Creutz | PUB1 |
| 10:20-10:45  | Lexicon information in neural sentiment analysis: a multi-task learning approach.<br>Jeremy Claude Barnes, Samia Touileb, Lilja Øvrelid and Erik Velldal. | |
| 10:45-11:10  | Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis using BERT.<br>Mickel Hoang, Oskar Alija Bihorac and Jacobo Rouces. | |
| 11:10-11:35  | Political Stance Detection for Danish.<br>Rasmus Lehmann and Leon Derczynski. | |
| 11:35-12:00  | Joint Rumour Stance and Veracity Prediction.<br>Anders Edelbo Lillie, Emil Refsgaard Middelboe and Leon Derczynski. | |
| **10:20-12:00**  | **Parallel session B: Named Entity Recognition**<br>Chair: Manex Agirrezabal | PUB3 |
| 10:20-10:45  | Towards High Accuracy Named Entity Recognition for Icelandic.<br>Svanhvít Lilja Ingólfsdóttir, Sigurjón Þorsteinsson and Hrafn Loftsson. | |
| 10:45-11:10  | Named-Entity Recognition for Norwegian.<br>Bjarte Johansen. | |
| 11:10-11:35  | Neural Cross-Lingual Transfer and Limited Annotated Data for Named Entity Recognition in Danish.<br>Barbara Plank. | |
| 11:35-12:00  | Projecting named entity recognizers without annotated or parallel corpora.<br>Jue Hou, Maximilian Koppatz, José María Hoya Quecedo and Roman Yangarber. | |
| 12:00-13:00 | Lunch break | Holiday Club Caribia |
| 13:00-14:00  | NEALT business meeting | PUB1 |
| **14:00-15:15**  | **Parallel session A: Text Generation and Language Model Applications**<br>Chair: Leon Derczynski | PUB1 |
| 14:00-14:25  | Template-free Data-to-Text Generation of Finnish Sports News.<br>Jenna Kanerva, Samuel Rönnqvist, Riina Kekki, Tapio Salakoski and Filip Ginter. | |
| 14:25-14:50  | Matching Keys and Encrypted Manuscripts.<br>Eva Pettersson and Beata Megyesi. | |
| 14:50-15:15  | The Seemingly (Un)systematic Linking Element in Danish.<br>Sidsel Boldsen and Manex Agirrezabal. | |
| **14:00-15:15**  | **Parallel session B: Speech**<br>Chair: Grzegorz Chrupała | PUB3 |
| 14:00-14:25  | Perceptual and acoustic analysis of voice similarities between parents and young children.<br>Evgeniia Rykova and Stefan Werner. | |
| 14:25-14:50  | Enhancing Natural Language Understanding through Cross-Modal Interaction: Meaning Recovery from Acoustically Noisy Speech.<br>Ozge Alacam. | |
| 14:50-15:15  | Predicting Prosodic Prominence from Text with Pre-trained Contextualized Word Representations.<br>Aarne Talman, Antti Suni, Hande Celikkanat, Sofoklis Kakouros, Jörg Tiedemann and Martti Vainio. | |
| 15:15-15:45 | Coffee Break | |
| **15:45-16:25** | **Tutorial on Finnish by [Fred Karlsson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred_Karlsson)**<br>Chair: Filip Ginter | PUB1 |
| 16:25-16:35 | Closing and announcement of NoDaLiDa'21 | PUB1 |

Commit message:

Added info about the workshop to program

program_detailed.md, after:

# Program

## Monday May 31, 2021

| Time  | Workshop |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| 09:00-17:00  | [Workshop on Modelling Translation: Translatology in the Digital Age](http://www.sfb1102.uni-saarland.de/?p=6582) |
| 09:00-17:00  | [NLP for Computer-Assisted Language Learning (NLP4CALL 2021)](https://spraakbanken.gu.se/en/research/themes/icall/nlp4call-workshop-series/nlp4call2021) |
| 09:00-17:00  | [Sustainable language representations for a changing world](https://spraakbanken.gu.se/en/news-and-events/conferences-and-workshops/sustainable-language-representations) |

## Tuesday October 1, 2019

| Time  | Session | Room |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 09:00-09:15  | Opening | PUB1 |
| **09:15-10:05**  | **[Keynote](https://nodalida2019.org/invited_speakers.html#marie) by Marie-Catherine de Marneffe: Do you know that there’s still a chance? Identifying speaker commitment for natural language understanding**<br>Chair: Joakim Nivre | PUB1 |
| 10:05-10:35  | Coffee break | |
| **10:35-12:15**  | **Parallel session A: Multilinguality and Machine Translation**<br>Chair: Jörg Tiedemann | PUB1 |
| 10:35-11:00  | Comparison between NMT and PBSMT Performance for Translating Noisy User-Generated Content.<br>José Carlos Rosales Nuñez, Djamé Seddah and Guillaume Wisniewski. | |
| 11:00-11:25  | Bootstrapping UD treebanks for Delexicalized Parsing.<br>Prasanth Kolachina and Aarne Ranta. | |
| 11:25-11:50  | Lexical Resources for Low-Resource PoS Tagging in Neural Times.<br>Barbara Plank and Sigrid Klerke. | |
| 11:50-12:15  | Toward Multilingual Identification of Online Registers.<br>Veronika Laippala, Roosa Kyllönen, Jesse Egbert, Douglas Biber and Sampo Pyysalo. | |
| **10:35-12:15**  | **Parallel session B: Embeddings, Biases and Language Change**<br>Chair: Richard Johansson | PUB3 |
| 10:35-11:00  | Gender Bias in Pretrained Swedish Embeddings.<br>Magnus Sahlgren and Fredrik Olsson. | |
| 11:00-11:25  | A larger-scale evaluation resource of terms and their shift direction for diachronic lexical semantics.<br>Astrid van Aggelen, Antske Fokkens, Laura Hollink and Jacco van Ossenbruggen. | |
| 11:25-11:50  | Some steps towards the generation of diachronic WordNets.<br>Yuri Bizzoni, Marius Mosbach, Deitrich Klakow and Stefania Degaetano-Ortlieb. | |
| 11:50-12:15  | An evaluation of Czech word embeddings.<br>Karolína Hořeňovská. | |
| 12:15-13:45  | Lunch break | Holiday Club Caribia |
| **13:45-15:00**  | **Parallel session A: Semantics**<br>Chair: Marianna Apidianaki | PUB1 |
| 13:45-14:10 | Comparing linear and neural models for competitive MWE identification.<br>Hazem Al Saied, Marie Candito and Mathieu Constant. | |
| 14:10-14:35 | Language Modeling with Syntactic and Semantic Representation for Sentence Acceptability Predictions.<br>Adam Ek, Jean-Philippe Bernardy and Shalom Lappin. | |
| 14:35-15:00  | A Wide-Coverage Symbolic Natural Language Inference System.<br>Stergios Chatzikyriakidis and Jean-Philippe Bernardy. | |
| **13:45-15:00**  | **Parallel session B: Morphology and Syntax**<br>Chair: Kairit Sirts | PUB3 |
| 13:45-14:10  | Ensembles of Neural Morphological Inflection Models.<br>Ilmari Kylliäinen and Miikka Silfverberg. | |
| 14:10-14:35  | Nefnir: A high accuracy lemmatizer for Icelandic.<br>Svanhvít Lilja Ingólfsdóttir, Hrafn Loftsson, Jón Friðrik Daðason and Kristín Bjarnadóttir. | |
| 14:35-15:00  | Syntax-based identification of light-verb constructions.<br>Silvio Ricardo Cordeiro and Marie Candito. | |
| 15:00-15:30  | Coffee Break | |
| **15:30-16:45**  | **Parallel session A: Machine Learning Applications, Text Classification**<br>Chair: Jenna Kanerva | PUB1 |
| 15:30-15:55  | Natural Language Processing in Policy Evaluation: Extracting Policy Conditions from IMF Loan Agreements.<br>Joakim Åkerström, Adel Daoud and Richard Johansson. | |
| 15:55-16:20  | Comparing the Performance of Feature Representations for the Categorization of the Easy-to-Read Variety vs Standard Language.<br>Marina Santini, Benjamin Danielsson and Arne Jönsson. | |
| 16:20-16:45  | Unsupervised Inference of Object Affordance from Text Corpora.<br>Michele Persiani and Thomas Hellström. | |
| **15:30-16:45** | **Parallel session B: Language Resources and Applications**<br>Chair: Elena Volodina | PUB3 |
| 15:30-15:55  | Annotating evaluative sentences for sentiment analysis: a dataset for Norwegian.<br>Petter Mæhlum, Jeremy Claude Barnes, Lilja Øvrelid and Erik Velldal. | |
| 15:55-16:20  | Interconnecting lexical resources and word alignment: How do learners get on with particle verbs?<br>David Alfter and Johannes Graën. | |
| 16:20-16:45  | An Unsupervised Query Rewriting Approach Using N-gram Co-occurrence Statistics to Find Similar Phrases in Large Text Corpora.<br>Hans Moen, Laura-Maria Peltonen, Henry Suhonen, Hanna-Maria Matinolli, Riitta Mieronkoski, Kirsi Telen, Kirsi Terho, Tapio Salakoski and Sanna Salanterä. | |
| **16:45-17:45** | **Poster and demo session** | Entrance hall |
| 16:45-17:45 | Posters: | |
|   | Compiling and Filtering ParIce: An English-Icelandic Parallel Corpus.<br>Starkaður Barkarson and Steinþór Steingrímsson. | |
|   | May I Check Again? — A simple but efficient way to generate and use contextual dictionaries for Named Entity Recognition. Application to French Legal Texts.<br>Valentin Barriere and Amaury Fouret. | |
|   | Predicates as Boxes in Bayesian Semantics for Natural Language.<br>Jean-Philippe Bernardy, Rasmus Blanck, Stergios Chatzikyriakidis, Shalom Lappin and Aleksandre Maskharashvili. | |
|   | DIM: The Database of Icelandic Morphology.<br>Kristín Bjarnadóttir, Kristín Ingibjörg Hlynsdóttir and Steinþór Steingrímsson. | |
|   | Bornholmsk Natural Language Processing: Resources and Tools.<br>Leon Derczynski and Alex Speed Kjeldsen. | |
|   | Morphosyntactic Disambiguation in an Endangered Language Setting.<br>Jeff Ens, Mika Hämäläinen, Jack Rueter and Philippe Pasquier. | |
|   | Tagging a Norwegian Dialect Corpus.<br>Andre Kåsen, Anders Nøklestad, Kristin Hagen and Joel Priestley. | |
|   | The Lacunae of Danish Natural Language Processing.<br>Andreas Kirkedal, Barbara Plank, Leon Derczynski and Natalie Schluter. | |
|   | Tools for supporting language learning for Sakha.<br>Sardana Ivanova, Anisia Katinskaia and Roman Yangarber. | |
|   | Inferring morphological rules from small examples using 0/1 linear programming.<br>Ann Lillieström, Koen Claessen and Nicholas Smallbone. | |
| 16:45-17:45 | Demos: | |
|   | LEGATO: A flexible lexicographic annotation tool.<br>David Alfter, Therese Lindström Tiedemann and Elena Volodina. | |
|   | The OPUS Resource Repository: An Open Package for Creating Parallel Corpora and Machine Translation Services.<br>Mikko Aulamo and Jörg Tiedemann. | |
|   | Garnishing a phonetic dictionary for ASR intake.<br>Iben Nyholm Debess, Sandra Saxov Lamhauge and Peter Juel Henrichsen. | |
|   | Docria: Processing and Storing Linguistic Data with Wikipedia.<br>Marcus Klang and Pierre Nugues. | |
|   | UniParse: A universal graph-based parsing toolkit.<br>Daniel Varab and Natalie Schluter. | |
| 19:30-23:00 | [Conference Dinner](https://nodalida2019.org/social.html) in the Turku Castle | |

## Wednesday October 2, 2019

| Time  | Session | Room |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| **09:00-09:50**  | **[Keynote](https://nodalida2019.org/invited_speakers.html#grzegorz) by Grzegorz Chrupała: Investigating Neural Representations of Speech and Language**<br>Chair: Lilja Øvrelid | PUB1 |
| 09:50-10:20  | Coffee break | |
| **10:20-12:00**  | **Parallel session A: Sentiment Analysis and Stance**<br>Chair: Mathias Creutz | PUB1 |
| 10:20-10:45  | Lexicon information in neural sentiment analysis: a multi-task learning approach.<br>Jeremy Claude Barnes, Samia Touileb, Lilja Øvrelid and Erik Velldal. | |
| 10:45-11:10  | Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis using BERT.<br>Mickel Hoang, Oskar Alija Bihorac and Jacobo Rouces. | |
| 11:10-11:35  | Political Stance Detection for Danish.<br>Rasmus Lehmann and Leon Derczynski. | |
| 11:35-12:00  | Joint Rumour Stance and Veracity Prediction.<br>Anders Edelbo Lillie, Emil Refsgaard Middelboe and Leon Derczynski. | |
| **10:20-12:00**  | **Parallel session B: Named Entity Recognition**<br>Chair: Manex Agirrezabal | PUB3 |
| 10:20-10:45  | Towards High Accuracy Named Entity Recognition for Icelandic.<br>Svanhvít Lilja Ingólfsdóttir, Sigurjón Þorsteinsson and Hrafn Loftsson. | |
| 10:45-11:10  | Named-Entity Recognition for Norwegian.<br>Bjarte Johansen. | |
| 11:10-11:35  | Neural Cross-Lingual Transfer and Limited Annotated Data for Named Entity Recognition in Danish.<br>Barbara Plank. | |
| 11:35-12:00  | Projecting named entity recognizers without annotated or parallel corpora.<br>Jue Hou, Maximilian Koppatz, José María Hoya Quecedo and Roman Yangarber. | |
| 12:00-13:00 | Lunch break | Holiday Club Caribia |
| 13:00-14:00  | NEALT business meeting | PUB1 |
| **14:00-15:15**  | **Parallel session A: Text Generation and Language Model Applications**<br>Chair: Leon Derczynski | PUB1 |
| 14:00-14:25  | Template-free Data-to-Text Generation of Finnish Sports News.<br>Jenna Kanerva, Samuel Rönnqvist, Riina Kekki, Tapio Salakoski and Filip Ginter. | |
| 14:25-14:50  | Matching Keys and Encrypted Manuscripts.<br>Eva Pettersson and Beata Megyesi. | |
| 14:50-15:15  | The Seemingly (Un)systematic Linking Element in Danish.<br>Sidsel Boldsen and Manex Agirrezabal. | |
| **14:00-15:15**  | **Parallel session B: Speech**<br>Chair: Grzegorz Chrupała | PUB3 |
| 14:00-14:25  | Perceptual and acoustic analysis of voice similarities between parents and young children.<br>Evgeniia Rykova and Stefan Werner. | |
| 14:25-14:50  | Enhancing Natural Language Understanding through Cross-Modal Interaction: Meaning Recovery from Acoustically Noisy Speech.<br>Ozge Alacam. | |
| 14:50-15:15  | Predicting Prosodic Prominence from Text with Pre-trained Contextualized Word Representations.<br>Aarne Talman, Antti Suni, Hande Celikkanat, Sofoklis Kakouros, Jörg Tiedemann and Martti Vainio. | |
| 15:15-15:45 | Coffee Break | |
| **15:45-16:25** | **Tutorial on Finnish by [Fred Karlsson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred_Karlsson)**<br>Chair: Filip Ginter | PUB1 |
| 16:25-16:35 | Closing and announcement of NoDaLiDa'21 | PUB1 |
